next up is macaroni and cheese I have
some flesh toned clay primo here I found
on my clay hobby lobby or jo-ann fabrics
anyway I rolled it out really really
thin and now I'm going to take my heat
gun you can use a really hot blow dryer
if you want and blow it until it gets
kind of crusty just heat it up really
hot you can bake it in the oven too but
this is test after you can I knew it
we'll see um here I've kind of hardened
it and it's actually not completely hard
it's kind of rubbery right now oh so
make my tables right hot okay man wow I
didn't want to cut okay let me write
make a bunch of little noodles just keep
cutting this up so that you have a whole
pile of macaroni not keep doing that
I've taken my chopped up little pieces
of noodles and I put them in a little
plastic container trash doesn't matter
what you put it in with something you
can get dirty and put some triple click
on top of it oh here I go with the
triple thick it's very sticky yes sir
can you get it over and you'll get it on
sometimes what if it gets on your skin
can you get it off your skin sure 10 so
then you have your triple thick layer no
no if you take it off right away it
doesn't dry on there it'll be just fine
I put a little bit of extra triple
threat in there I have smarter luck with
close that back up and grab my pastel
chalks see and I'm going to go with the
orange here and
this is the right color all right put
some on there start mixing the gardener
handsome great grape bleh grey Wow pink
pink eyes and wait just a moment please
please yeah one more please so now i
have my orange macaroni and cheese
dumping it in there love anyway clay do
it won't you do you love it any red clay
your problem there is it well don't know
if i have any open all right well anyway
here is your orange macaroni and cheese
and you can put that in smaller amounts
on your plate once this triple thick
dries it's going to be really really
thick so how did i make this what yeah
who's your bolt here's your fork there's
your bowl of macaroni and cheese yummy
ready to chow
you